well well well it's harvest and
Halloween season and if you're looking
for a road trip this Halloween I have
the perfect place for you Middlebrook
pumpkin farm in West Bend Wisconsin just
past Milwaukee is the ultimate in
Halloween and fall attractions
Middlebrook pumpkin farm is your
one-stop shop for pumpkins of all sizes
as well as Indian corn squash decorated
pumpkins farm-fresh produce the perks
also there are plenty of yummy fall
treats available also the farm features
a petting zoo
cute little rabbits pony rides cute
little rabbits a hayride that took you
to the pumpkin patch where you could
pick out your very own pumpkin and of
course cute little rabbits also there
was a wide variety of barnyard and
exotic animals and featured turkeys
chickens whatever the perfect paradise
for the kiddies as well as parents the
main attraction for the farm was a
haunted corn field this cornfield
similar to a corn maze stretched for
over three miles or at least it seemed
it took our family 45 minutes to
complete the entire field within the
field featured spooky monsters and
decorations as well as special
enclosures believe it or not this taping
features the sunday kiddie show during
the evening however live actors are
popping out from who knows where to add
to the horror but Meadowbrook pumpkin
farm is definitely something to check
out Wisconsin seems to be a really cool
spot for just taking in the cool autumn
air my family had actually surprised me
that day and took me there for my 30
birthday never too old for the pumpkin
farm let me tell you for more
information on Middleburg pumpkin farm
please take note of your screen happy
autumn and happy Halloween